### Network Configuration

> n-Number of organizations, R0, R1, ... Rn have jointly decided, and written into an agreement that they will set up and exploit a Hyperledger Fabric network. R0 has been assigned to be the network initiator - it has been given the power to set up the initial version of the network. R0 has no intention to perform work request transactions on the network. R1,...Rns have a need for both a private communication and public communication channel. Each organization has a client application that can request work in channel CC. R1 and Rn has also a private channel with an ordering peer to submit transaction that concern only to that specific organization. Peer node P1 thought Pn maintain a copy of the ledger L1,... Ln, also a copy of the chaincode S1,...Sn, were S1 might be only for those internal transaction of the parent organization. The network is governed according to policy rules specified in network configuration NC0, the network is under the control of organizations R0 and R1. Channel CCn is governed according to the policy rules specified in channel configuration CC; the channel is under the control of organizations R1 through Rn. Channel C1 is governed according to the policy rules specified in channel configuration CC1; the channel is under the control of organization R1. Channel Cn is governed according to the policy rules specified in channel configuration CCn; the channel is under the control of organization Rn. There is an ordering service O0 that services as a network administration point for N, and uses the system channel. The ordering service supports application channel CC, for the purposes of transaction ordering into blocks for distribution. Each of the four organizations has a preferred Certificate Authority.